Castle campaign - the queens gamit (#108)
qwrtln/Homm3BG-mission-book: draft-scenarios/campaigns/castle_two_knights_defense.tex

\newpage

\begin{multicols}{2}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Timed Events}}

\textbf{\nth{1} Round:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Read "The Race" section
\end{itemize}

\textbf{When you complete the Scenario:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Read "Checkmate" section
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Additional rules}}

During this Castle campaign Scenario, the following rules apply:

\begin{itemize}
  \item The Gloria of Erathia building is unavailable
  \item Each time you visit a trading post, draw the top cards from the \svgunit{bronze} bronze, \svgunit{silver} silver, and \svgunit{golden} golden neutral enemy Decks. You may recruit any, or all of them by paying their cost. Shuffle any un-hired ones back into their Decks
  \item After defeating the neutral army at the Dragon Utopia, add a random dragon from the \svgunit{azure} Azure neutral Deck to your army
  \item The enemy army follows the normal AI movement rules, stopping to capture settlements and mines, with its ultimate goal to reach the Dragon Utopia
  \item If the enemy army reaches the Dragon Utopia before you do, flip the "Pack" side of Dread Knights to "Few" and add "A Pack" of Ghost Dragons
\end{itemize}

> 
> 
> % \includegraphics[width=\linewidth, keepaspectratio]{\art/griffin.png}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

\textbf{A Queen's Lament}

Reality set in after the adrenaline and euphoria of a hard-fought victory wore off. The battlefield was a nightmare of horrors. Ghost Dragon corpses faded away as the last of their power died with them, and the scattered, broken bodies of both sides lay in clumps of gory remains. The cost had been high…

Catherine regretted she couldn't save the dragons from their fate. If things had been different, they might have been strong allies or at least sentinels to keep the local badland creatures in check. Now, it was hard to tell what would leak from the unchecked wilds into other regions or townships under her charge. Caution had won her the day, but she wondered if it was enough. Would actions like this cause her downfall one day?

Home felt distant in the haze of fury that Catherine had been prisoner to. As she trot past the remains of those that had fought for her, her heart swelled with emotion. It was war, and loss was inevitable. She turned to the remaining few and threw a weak hand forward out of the badlands. It was time to pick up the pieces.

> 
> 
> \end{multicols*}
> 
> 
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

\end{multicols*}
```

% !TeX spellcheck = en_US
\addscenariosection[subsection]{1}{Castle Campaign $-$ The Queen's Gambit}{3. Two Knight's Defense}{\images/catherine.png}

\begin{multicols*}{2}

\textbf{Author:} Tyson Heckert

\textbf{Source:} \href{https://travelledtales.com}{Travelled Tales}

> \textit{With Vhidhax's stronghold in her grasp, Catherine needs to discover and halt the necromancers next move.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textit{With Vhidhax's stronghold in her grasp, Catherine needs to discover and halt the necromancer's next move.}
```

\begin{itemize}
    \item 2 x Necropolis (N1, N4)
    \item 2 x Dungeon (N2, N5)
\end{itemize}

\textbf{1 × Center (VI--VII) Map Tile}
\begin{itemize}
  \item 1 × Dragon Utopia Tile (C1)
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Heroes placement}}

Place your Castle Hero on the center Field of the Necropolis start Tile S1.

Place a Necropolis Hero on the bottom left Field of the leftmost Far Tile. 
Reveal the Tile when the game begins.

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Victory Conditions}}

\begin{itemize}
  \item Defeat the enemy army
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Defeat Conditions}}
\begin{itemize}
  \item You lose one combat encounter
  \item You run out of time at the end of the 8th Round
\end{itemize}
\end{multicols*}

\newpage

\begin{multicols}{2}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Timed Events}}

\textbf{\nth{1} Round:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Read ``The Race'' section
\end{itemize}

\textbf{When you complete the Scenario:}
\begin{itemize}
  \item Read ``Checkmate'' section
\end{itemize}

\subsection*{\MakeUppercase{Additional rules}}

During this Castle campaign Scenario, the following rules apply:

\begin{itemize}
  \item The Glory of Erathia building is unavailable

>   \item Each time you visit a trading post, draw the top cards from the \svgunit{bronze} bronze, \svgunit{silver} silver, and \svgunit{golden} golden neutral enemy Decks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  \item Each time you visit a Trading Post, draw the top cards from the \svgunit{bronze} bronze, \svgunit{silver} silver, and \svgunit{golden} golden neutral enemy Decks.
```

  You may recruit any, or all of them by paying their cost.
  Shuffle any un-hired ones back into their Decks
  \item After defeating the neutral army at the Dragon Utopia, add a random dragon from the \svgunit{azure} Azure neutral Deck to your army
  \item The enemy army follows the normal AI movement rules, stopping to capture Settlements and Mines, with its ultimate goal to reach the Dragon Utopia
  \item If the enemy army reaches the Dragon Utopia before you do, flip the Pack side of Dread Knights to Few and add a Pack of Ghost Dragons
\end{itemize}

\begin{tikzpicture}[overlay]

>     \node at (-1.0, -9.0) {

Reviewer: Please move it slightly up, so that the spacing between the text and the bottom graphic is equal-ish.

She was searching for any clue to her enemy's plans.

After fruitless hours, she huffed and sent a moldering volume crashing through a stack of paper as exhaustion threatened to overcome her.
She was about to spin and leave the room when the corner of her eye caught a particular scribbling, revealed by her destructive act.
An ornate diagram, hastily scribbled, depicted what Catherine supposed might be some kind of necromantic summoning ritual.
Pulling the frail parchment closer, while most of it didn't make sense to her, it didn't take a mage to know what the dark drawings detailed.
They were the ritual instructions for raising Ghost Dragons from dead dragons.

Then it dawned on her.
Old tales told of an ancient Dragon Utopia in the badlands.
Vhidhax must be attempting to overtake the majestic creatures and use them against her in a last-ditch effort.
She frowned at the thought of her weakened enemy being able to defeat the dragons.
But if he did… If she missed something, he would have newfound strength enough to overpower her battered forces.
She clenched her fist, crushing the frail paper to dust before rushing to the doorway to gather who she could.

> To her surprise, the necropolis' courtyard was a buzz of energy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To her surprise, the necropolis' courtyard was abuzz with energy.
```

She placed her hands on the overlook's railing and peered over the edge to spy a host of knights in the color and flair of various baronies. 

Rion came rushing up to her a moment later, intent on delivering news of their new guests.
``Queen Catherine!'' he said excitedly.
``Lordships around Steadwick heard of the tragedy and have sent their champions to aid us.
The knights spent days tracking and catching up to us, and they mean to join us and see the campaign through.''

Catherine smiled wide.
``Then tell them to get ready; the race is on.''

> \textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{Add ``A Few'' Champions to your army.}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textcolor{darkcandyapplered}{Add ``Few'' Champions to your army.}
```
I think it's a game term, not the actual quantity, therefore the article should be omitted? Not sure, though.

Author: Yeah you're right, actually I don't think it should be quoted either, it looks like a Few and a Pack is what's presented in the game books

\textbf{Checkmate}

The broken remains of Vhidhax looked no grander than any of his many minions.

> Necromantic energy stripped the flesh from him long ago; without that power, his presence and ill-willed malevolence were gone as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Necromantic energy had stripped the flesh from him long ago; without that power, his presence and ill-willed malevolence were gone as well.
```

Catherine wiped blood, sweat, and dirt from her face.

> Rion had been right; the necromancer was not her father, but perhaps his slaying would ease the sting of her family discourse and the sting of betrayal, at least a little.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rion had been right; the necromancer was not her father, but perhaps his slaying would ease the sting of her family discord and the sting of betrayal, at least a little.
```
There's a fine line between those two words, don't you think?

Author: Absolutely, maybe I was thinking of the wrong one

Gods know we need it…''

Catherine drew her sword and reared her own steed high, presenting herself before her remaining forces with the dragon silhouetted behind her.
After a rousing speech that stirred the hearts of man and beast alike, she galloped to the rear lines to turn the formation toward home.

\textbf{A Queen's Lament}

Reality set in after the adrenaline and euphoria of a hard-fought victory wore off.
The battlefield was a nightmare of horrors.
Ghost Dragon corpses faded away as the last of their power died with them, and the scattered, broken bodies of both sides lay in clumps of gory remains.
The cost had been high…

Catherine regretted she couldn't save the dragons from their fate.
If things had been different, they might have been strong allies or at least sentinels to keep the local badland creatures in check.
Now, it was hard to tell what would leak from the unchecked wilds into other regions or townships under her charge.
Caution had won her the day, but she wondered if it was enough.
Would actions like this cause her downfall one day?

Home felt distant in the haze of fury that Catherine had been prisoner to.

> As she trot past the remains of those that had fought for her, her heart swelled with emotion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As she trotted past the remains of those who had fought for her, her heart swelled with emotion.
```
